BThis is gpg4win - the GUI Installer Builder for W32.


Instructions:
=============

1. Download the source and binary packages that are required to build
   the installer:

 1;1609;0c  $ cd packages
   $ sh download.sh
   [...]
   $ cd ..

   If you have downloaded gnupg-2.x, you need to rename that tarball.
   e.g.:
   
     mv gnupg-2.0.5.tar.bz2 gnupg2-2.0.5.tar.bz2

2. Configure the source tree for cross compilation:

   $ configure --host=i586-mingw32msvc

3. Build the installer:

   $ make

The installer will be made available in two files:

src/gpg4win-X.Y.Z.exe
src/gpg4win-src-X.Y.Z.exe


Basic requirements
==================

A decent POSIX system is required for building this software as well
as GNU make.  We are using Debian GNU/Linux (Sid), however it should
work with current Testing (as of Februar 2006) too.  It might work with
Sarge - this has not been tested.  To satisfy all needs of configure
at least the following packages need to be installed:

 build-essential (libc6-dev, gcc, g++, make)
 automake, autoconf (if building from SVN)
 mingw32
 nsis
 stow
 unzip
 texinfo
 imagemagick
 tetex-bin
 tetex-extra
 tr
 gs-common
 hyperlatex
 sharutils (uudecode for claws icon patch)
 gettext (msgfmt, dcgettext, gmsgfmt, xgettext for glib)
 libglib2.0-dev (glib-genmarshal for glib)


Building the Webpages
=====================

This has not been automated.  See the README file in the doc/website
directory.  To build the HTML version of the manuals you need to go to
doc/manual-de, run the command "make webversion" and copy the require
files to the desired location.  If you are a developer with write
access to the Sibversion, you may use the "online" target to actually
update the website.

Development Branches
====================

The old version of gpg4win (version < 1.2) is since 1.1.3 tracked by
the SVN branch: branches/gpg4win-1-branch.  Only important fixes will
go into this version.  The current version is in the SVN trunk starts
as version 1.9 and will soon lead to version 2.0.



Adding new packages to the installer:
=====================================

This requires editing a couple of files; we might eventually automate
some of these tasks.  Here is a short run up:

1. Add constants for the package FOO into include/config.nsi.in .

2. Create 2 new installer scripts, named src/inst-foo.nsi and
   uninst-foo.nsi and add them to EXTRA_DIST in src/Makefile.am.

3. Add foo to one the variables gpg4win_bpgks (if foo should not be
   build be the gpg4win) or gpg4win_spkgs (if foo should be build by
   gpg4win) in src/Makefile.am .  Also add any required configure
   flags etc.

4. Add FOO to inst-sections.nsi.

5. Add detection of packages to configure.ac.  Check out the available
   macros in m4/gpg4win.m4.  Depending on the way an upstream package
   is packaged, you might need to write a new macro.

6. Add download information to packages/download.sh.

7. If the package ships pkg-config (*.pc) support files, you need add
   post install instructions to Makefile.am.  Note that *.pc files may
   be in the "runtime" directory ${pkgidir} if the package is built
   within gpg4win (or peculiarly shipped), or in the development
   package ${pkgidir_dev}.

Then run the usual "./autogen.sh" to create the actual configure file
and run configure as described above.


Copyright
=========

The entire Gpg4win package is

  Copyright (C) 2005, 2006, 2007 g10 Code GmbH
  
  GPG4Win is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.
  
  GPG4Win is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.
  
  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
  02110-1301, USA


This file
=========

Copyright 2005, 2006 g10 Code GmbH

This file is free software; as a special exception the author gives
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.
